<!-- Note to editors: This file is formatted in Mediawiki markup. It is parsed
     by GitHub to present the project front page. -->

__NOTOC__

== Introduction ==

Little Go is an iOS application that lets you play the game of Go on the iPhone
or iPad. You can play against another human, or against the computer. The
minimum requirement for running this version of Little Go is iOS 5.0.

For a detailed description of Little Go's features, see the MANUAL document
(also available in-game from the "Help" tab).

If you are interested in Little Go as a developer, you can either clone the
source code repository [https://github.com/herzbube/littlego/ on GitHub], or
download a release snapshot of the source code for one of the release tags. Release
snapshots are also available
[https://github.com/herzbube/littlego/tags from GitHub]. Either way, you should
read the quick-start guide in <code>README.developer</code> to get up and
running.


== Changes in this release ==

This is the Little Go feature release 0.10.0. A large number of changes have
been made, only the most important ones are listed here:

* Improve graphic design (wooden background, new artwork for stones, new layout on iPad)
* View board positions for moves played earlier during the game
* Replace "undo" with "discard move"
* A game that has ended can now be resumed
* Redesign of "New game" and "Game info" screens
* 3 new user preferences
* Add support for collecting logging data
* Drop support for iOS 4.3, the minimum required version is now iOS 5.0
* Add iOS 6 compatibility
* Add iPhone 5 support

The ChangeLog document has more details.


== Known bugs ==

See the "Troubleshooting" section in the MANUAL document.


== Links and resources ==

* [http://www.herzbube.ch/littlego Project website]
* [http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/little-go/id490753989?ls=1&mt=8 App Store link]
* The source code respository is [https://github.com/herzbube/littlego/ on GitHub]
* The bugtracker is also [https://github.com/herzbube/littlego/issues on GitHub]. If you want to submit a new issue there you must be a registered GitHub user (it's free and they won't bother you with spam!). Since version 0.9.0 Little Go also has a built-in bug report feature, which you can find on the "Diagnostics" tab. Last but not least, you can also email me directly.
* On Little Go's [https://trello.com/board/little-go/4fd84c295027333d460dcc32 Trello board] you can see what I am currently working on.
* Little Go also has an [https://www.ohloh.net/p/littlego Ohloh page] that provides mildly interesting source code statistics.


== Documentation ==

* The source code is documented with Doxygen. The project is set up to generate the documentation with a a premade <code>Doxyfile<code> configuration file and an Xcode target that expects Doxygen and GraphViz to be located in <code>/opt/local/bin<code> (the standard MacPorts path).
* A class diagram in the <code>doc<code> folder (a .jpg file) provides an overview of Little Go's core classes. The diagram was created with the free community edition of the UML modeling application [http://astah.net/ Astah]. The model itself is in the file <code>littlego.asta<code>.
* The end user documentation, which is available from within the game, is in <code>doc/MANUAL</code>.


== License and source code ==

Little Go is released under the Apache License (2.0). You should have received a
copy of the license along with the Little Go application bundle or the source
distribution (see the file LICENSE inside the application bundle or source
distribution, or start the application and choose the
"More:Licenses:Apache License" tab item). If not, see
http://www.apache.org/licenses/.
